docs(connector): fix twilio readme according to bug bash (#1518)
logto-io/logto: packages/connector-twilio-sms/README.md

}
```

### Test Twilio SMS connector

> You can type in a phone number and click on "Send" to see whether the settings can work before "Save and Done".

Reviewer: "enter" is commonly used in our docs.
```suggestion
You can enter a phone number and click on "Send" to see whether the settings can work before "Save and Done".
```
